{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Adapting Painting\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I was curious about the idea to construct a moving painting, adjusted to parameters of the room or the people such as noise, light and movement. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 After constructing a concept and listing the items I might need, I decided to bound my aims and adjusted the measured parameters to the movement. The ocean in the picture should be partitioned in six pieces back-mounted on moving circeling metals. The circle sizes should vary to allow the observer a plastic feeling of a three-dimensional view. \
To fit out my painting with varied properties like different small plants and a building, I sift through several model-making stores and flea markets and started to paint the waves. To give the frame an authentic look, I coated it with different layers of spray paint. Because of the different chemical compositions, the colors reacted with eachother and formed an interesting texture and makes the frame appear aged for decades.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The machanics were pretty tricky. I first I tried to solve the problems of an allways exact and synchronal flow of the waves by different arrangements of V-belts. Unfortunately that did not work out and I switched to an more effectiv but not that elegant solution. I conected all toothed wheels to one big system. This way I had every movement synchronal, but also enlarged the resistence. But finally it worked out and was ready to get to the engine.\
\
The weight of the painted waves on the mechanics made it to hard for the engine to move at all. But fortunatly mechanic oil like WD-40 gave it the nesessary frictionlessness to work out. Not as smooth as planned, the person had to get very close to the sensor to induce the required values and make the ocean move, but it performed satisfying and charmed observer and made them laugh.}